The game weekend has not yet prepared so the game is going to skip the weekend, (Im so very sorry updates are coming.)
I really should see what monica has to say.
I shoudn´t go to sleep now, I have more important things to do.
That was a really good night sleep.
Oh man, that was a good nap.
Oh...I slept all night.
[phrase]
Hey, so you are back.
Gardening is a great hobby for people like me, people who love plants.
Is That so?
Yes it is. It allow me to surround myself with plants, with the beauty of nature.
And experience the joy of watching plants grow and flourish.
I see you really like it.
And the best part is taking care of them you see, I love to water and sometimes..even sing for them.
Haha.
What is it? Did I say something odd?
Thats not it...that is just...I found kind of cute seeing you talking about plants with so much love on your eyes.
Stop it dear...as if you could find an old woman like me to be cute.
Thats not like that.
I think I find you more cute than you realize.
Its ok Dear, I know you only say that for trying to make me fell better.
I know you probably see me as an old aunt or something like that.
And its ok...
I understand...
Well....I started garderning since I was seven.
That early?
Yes, I mean...that wasnt like a job or anything. You see, at that time parents had a little garden at the back of our home.
So in the begining for me it was all child´s play.
It was all to make my family proud and have fun.
It was mom the one who taught me how to sing for plants
She said they hear us, and they deserve to be loved.
My favorite plant?
Yes, witch one is it?
It is a very rare plant that...I have only seen it in book pictures.
In pictures?
Yeah, it is so rare that they call it an Acid-Leaf-Z
I dream with it since I was a child..
Well, If I ever saw one, I will tell you ok?
Oh dear, please do so, I would be so happy if I ever saw one.
Ah, it is nothing, thank you for your time
Aa, ok then.
Anyway, one more day working at the field.
Hello Hello!!!
So you are here too!!!
Who is that?
Are you fucking kidding-me?
She is way too close and way too hot.
Are you...are you ok?
Shit, I forgot to answer...
Damn she is too cute, What did she ask again?
I am.
I am but I, havent seen you since that day at the store.
Well I haven´t show up too much lately because the store had way too much work lately.
I imagine, I mean, running your own business seems like a lot of work.
Really a lot of work, but the things show be easier now that Debbie is helping out.
She has such a nice ass.
[player.name]?
I...cant keep this conversation. Not like this anyway.
I need to get up or my eyes will betray me again and I will look like an idiot.
Man my legs are killing me.
Better this way.
Dont tell me, all that squatting really made my legs hurt the begining too.
Dont tell me, The pain is real.
Well, I think you will get used to it, with time your legs will get stronger
I mean, Look at my legs, they got really strong because of this.
They are really beautifull indeed.
Wait, I said strong, not Beautifull.
Oh, I I.....
Haha, Just kidding silly, I will take that as a compliment.
It was a compliment.
Since you are here and your legs will also grow strong with time
And maybe the will, I dont know, help you in your guild test.
Yeah, maybe, I guess.
Wait, how do you know that I want to enter in the guild test?
Me and monica are like best friends and we tell each other EVERYTHING.
I see...
Dont be like that, girls like to talk silly, its just normal.
Anyway, see you in the fields.
The flower camp, just got a little more interesting.
In development.
Today Sarah taught me a lot of things about plants.
Ok [player.name], just one more flower and thats it.
This one, this one is so cute, it will be easy peasy.
The yellow one?
Yes, I will show you how its done.
...
grrrr
Sarah are you ok?
Yes, yes im ok.
...
Its just that...
...
It wont move even a little!!!
AHHHHHHH!
How will I do that?
What do you want me to do?
I dont know, think of something...pull me from behind.
Ok.
I mean...What?
Just go ahead and help me pull this flower out ok?
Ok then.
Aphrodite...I dont know how this situation happened but I give you my thanks.
Like this?
Yeah, it could work I think.
But you have to be more firm.
Like this?
Ahhh!
Maybe it was too much?
Im sorry.
Not a problem, pull!
Ok!
Ahhh Its not working!
What do we do?
I dont know Im already giving me my best, if only we could use a sword or something.
We dont have one here.
Then try grabing some other place, I dont know.
Hey!
What?
Nothing..just...pull ok?
Ok, on three.
Ok (taking a deep breath)
One, two....THREE.
Pull!
Three!!!!!
Ahhhhh!!
Why did you do that?
What?
You went straight to three.
I dont know, it felt right in the momment. I just did it
...
Anyway...
I think it moved a little.
Man I can fell her entire ass pressuring against me, this is way too good.
Your idea its working sarah, we will get it in no time.
I dont think I can take it much longer...
This position is...
Its way too much...
Stop worrying, we will get it out, Im here to help you.
Its ok, its ok, forget about the position
Ok lets do it again then.
Three!!!!!
Ahhhhh!!
What is it now?
Gosh, count to tree before you pull me that hard ok?
Ok ok.
Did it move?
Yes, I felt it move again.
Man, the feeling in this position, is almost like I own her.
Very good then.
I think....I think I want to stop.
Are you giving up?
Thats not it...
What is it then?
You see...
What?
Its just that this position...
This position what?
The only thing I see here is two persons working on the flower field, thats it.
Ok ok, lets do it.
One...
...
Three!!!!!
Ahhhhh!!
Man...I slowly moving my hands up, If she doesnt say a thing Im going to touch her boobs just to "help" her.
Sarah?
hm.
Everything ok?
Um hum.
Ok then, one more time ok?
...
Sarah?
What?
She is like...wispering? thats cute.
One..
...
Two...
...
I never thought this would be so fun, I can even fell her breaths in this position, I think she is a little anxious.
And...........
...
I know the thrill is killing her.
Three!!!!!
HAAAAAAAAA!!
HAAAAAA!!!!
We did it we did it!!!
Such a beautifull flower.
A rare one, just as I thought.
...ahn...
What beautifull colors.
What happened?
She is so shiny.
I see now, I think we felt and she landed on me.
Such a good place for her to land.
The smell is so good too.
She is so happy with that flower that she doesnt even realize where she is sitting.
Such a beautifull ass.
I think Im in heaven.
Oh no..
I think Im...I think Im getting a bonner.
I dont think I will sell this one... I mean...such a beautifull flower.
Im definitely getting a boner.
I cant hold on....the feeling of her ass sitting on me is just so good.
Has she noted?
No...I dont think so...
I think im going to put that in my house.
I in a place I can see it when I wake up.
But if this situation goes on much longer.
She will note for sure.
Even so I dont think I will say nothing.
Thats it...whatever happens happens.
Maybe take some pictures of this flower too.
And also I would like to....
Thats it....there is no way she is not felling it now.
I can literally fell my dick touching her ass.
But...she is not saying anything.
She stopped talking, she literally fell my dick right now.
This would be so good if this wasnt so bad.
Such a nice feeling, I would like this momment to last forever if possible.
Well...maybe she just stoped talking, doesnt mean she is feeling my dick or anything.
She looked!.
Shit, she is not even looking at it, she is looking right into my eyes.
Wont she stop looking?
Such such beautifull Eyes, she is so sexy
Its growing again!!!
I think....I should say something.
What do I say what do I say what do I say?
What did I just say?!?!?!
Im an idiot, thats it, I accept anything from now on
She...just turns again?
I see....she is getting up.
Sarah....
....
Is she trying to look at my dick without leting me know?
I think....
I think its time for me to go....
See you [player.name].
Today I collected flowers with Sarah.
Oh hi [player.name], Im so glad you came.
Of course, I would do anything for the one who saved me.
Oh dont talk like that, I only did what any one else would´ve done.
Well, thanks even so.
Dont be like that, I only did what you asked me to.
Im glad even so.
haha
Back to the subject, So this is the flower field where you work han? got to say, thats much bigger than I expected.
Yes, Its here, here we have all kind of plants herbs and even some rare flowers.
Thats wonderfull, but... why did you called me for?
Oh Dear [player.name]. I Know Your dream is to become an adventurer and I wont take that from you. But I wanted you to have some way of earning money.
So Im going to teach you how to identify and collect flowers and earn money with it.
Collect flowers?
Yes, I mean...If thats ok with you of course.
Man...What I really want is to be an adventurer, and also Im THE aphrodite champion!...But It would be nice to have some money for a change...
Also...I cant take the guild entrance exam without any money so....
Yes, yes of course Its ok with me, please teach me how to do it.
Im so glad you agreed, It will be a nice experience teaching to my [mcmon].
Im glad you like it, so.... how do we start?
[player.name] you are here!!!
Linda, what are you doing here?
I was looking for Debbie, but...I seem to find her anywhere.
Linda what did I tell you about the Flower Fields?
"That it is too dangerous" moooom.
Then I think you should be going home little girl.
But I Want to find Debbie, and she said she likes to play in the fields then I thought....
..Linda, Im friend with Debbies Mons, And I know she wouldnt let Debbie play here in the fields.
I know that.
But moooooom, I want to collect flowers too.
Go home now, we will talk about this later.
Ok mon....
...
Sorry about that, Im a mom after all.... 
No problem at all.
Where Was I again?
You were saying where we would start.
Yes yes.....We start by exploring the field and looking for flowers, let me take a look...
I think I should go...
(She just stood there for a time, It was like that flower was very important to her in a way I just couldn´t comprehend.)
(Never noticed that before but....damn she is hot..her body is just beautifull....Look at the flower all you want monica, while im going to look at you)
(I think I need a better angle.)
(Even her boobs, were they always that big?)
Dont you want to take a closer look?
Heh what?
Dont you want to look at the flower?
Ahh the flower, yes, yes I want.
Came on then.
Ok...
I think Im going slowsly So I can enjoy the view a little more.
This flower is here since she was a little seed, the earth and the rain helped this flower to grown until now.
And now, we are taking it away from its home for our own good and survival.
Im sorry little one...
How can someone be so pure and so hot? Damn.
Its ok Monica, the earth has plenty more.
....
Im sorry, sometimes Im too sentimental, but, thats how you find and collect flowers, now try to find some flowers and see how you go.
Very good [player.name], never thought it would be so fun to do that with you.
If you have any doubts, Im here every morning so we can collect flowers together if you want to.
Alright..
Now you can {color=#FFAA00}sell the flowers on the grocery store {/color}, they usually pay for flowers, thats the easy way.
level uped
returned because there arent more levels
added the next level objective
There are days that Monica is just too cute.
Today was a very good to collect flowers.
Monica is so good to me, today im going to make a surprise.
Hey Monica, look at what I found.
What is it dear?
!!!!!!!!!!!
Beautifull isnt it?
Where did you find that?
I found it in the forest, so...What do you think?
Throw it away now!
But why? such a beautifull flo....
Omg [player.name] are you ok?
Oh, Im oka.....
[player.name]!!!
...
Oh [player.name], you are such a good boy, such a good [mcmon].
Everything will be ok.
He is so warm even tho he is asleep.
What... Ha..Happened?
[player.name], you are awake!
Hun, The only thing I remember is that I wanned to give you a special flower as a gift and everything went black.
Oh [player.name], that flower had poisonous thorns, you can only pick it wearing gloves.
"Poison"? Am I going to die?
No silly.
These flower is very rare and paralizes whoever touches its poison thorns.
But, Everything will be ok, just wait a little, I will be here with you ok until get better ok?
She is so kind as always.
Thank you Monica.
How long until the effect wears off?
Hun...It depends the time may change from person to person.
...
Lets see.
Try moving your feet
Did it move?
Yeah...hmm maybe.
Either case I will be here with you until you get better.
Thank you [monmc].
You are so cute.
Now, one more time!
try moving it again!
WoW...I never had seen monica boobs so close before.
They are so beautifull.
Where are the powers aphrodite promissed me when I need them?.
[player.name]... are you trying?
Im sorry I got distracted a bit
Ok, now...on '3'
Ok.
1 2 3....
MOVE!
Am I moving?
Monica?
Ahhhhhhh!!!!
What, what is it?
What is happening? Did I move? Did something Happen?
Ahhhhh its huge!!!!
What? what is huge? I cant move my head, I cant see a thing!
Oh dear, Im sorry, I forgot you cant see, nor fell...
I saw a very very big snake.
A snake?
Yes, it a Huge snake, the biggest I ever seen, but its ok now.
Monica, since I can´t move.
No, not to worry, everything will be ok.
No I dont want my best friend to!!
....
...I mean...I dont want my best friend to be in danger just because of me.
If the snake cames back again I will handle it myself.
You are very brave Monica, thank you.
No..Thank YOU.
...
Now, close your eyes dear, you need to rest.
Ok.
Dream about angels.
My {b}Big{/b} [player.name].
You gained 1 point of Herbology
You can now collect more flowers at once.
Today seems like a good day to spent go to the guild and see how to become a member.
The grocery store is closed at night.
Well, I think this is the place.
Just what is happening here?!!???
Moooom you are too heavyyyy.
Hold don dear, you have to hold firm there or I will fall.
Shouldn´t we use a stair or something?
Yes we should but we dont have one here right now, just...just a little more my little Debbie.
Also, could you please use both of your hands?
But mooooom, Thats your ass, I shouldn´t be touching it.
Its ok love, you can touch it, I wont be mad at you.
The problem is not you being mad at me, thats not it at all.
Omg..is she complaining to touch that ass? I volunteer!!!
What am I saying I dont even know them....
Should I make a sound or ...maybe...idk...say hello?
Hello.
Oh...thats a pitty...I think they didnt hear me.
What can I say... I tried didnt I?
I think I will enjoy the show a little more.
Debbie Yamanaka hold my ass with both of your hands right now!
Ok mooooom.
Good girl, Now just a little more, Im about to finish it, hold it right there.
Yes...hold it right there, with both hands thats even better.
Are you done yet?
Just a little more, damn these old shelves
Mom...your ass is huge and heavy too, dont you know it?
I dont know if thats heavy but no doubt it is huge
I know, just a little more, I will give you a candy after we finish here ok?
A candy? I think I deserver two because im holding both sides of your ass.
Ok, I will give you two candies, Im sorry dear...I your first day would be better than that.
But Know that I love you.
I love you too mom, and I always obey you no matter what. Its just...I dont like this situation...
I shouldn´t be touching you...really not there and not for so long.
Well if they turn around now and see me here in silence will be awkward.
Hello.
Good morning.
Oh no...
What is that?
I think its a costumer...I will just pretend im not even here....
Dont be like that..
Hello there!
this isnt happening..this isnt happening this isnt happening.
Hello again.
Im sorry for the scene!
I was trying to fix this shelf you see!
Oh, I see.
But it was too heigh for me so my kind daugher offered me a hand!
...
Or both hands in this case, haha!
this isnt happening..this isnt happening this isnt happening.
Oh, its ok Debbie, you are just helping your mom, nothing wrong with that.
Please mom, get down, Im too shy for that if is just the two of us..and now there is someone else here.
Ok love, now, please hold my ass with all you strenght so I can get down ok?
Oh seriously I can´t believe this is happening.
Just hold on with all your strength and I will get down in a second ok?
Like this?
Ahhh! yeah!!
...oh..no no no no.
...
........
Are you ok?
Ye ye, we are ok....Are you ok love?
I will be when you stop sitting on my...
OK WE ARE OK!
Maybe I can come back another time if its ok with you guys.
No need, I will be there in a second.
...
Im sorry about that.
Hi, my name is Sarah and this is our han...."grocery store", but we buy and sell a little of everything here.
man, she is even more beautifull when she is from a near distance.
And you are?
Oh, Im sorry, hi my name is [player.name], nice to meet you.
Oh, so this is the [player.name] that I head so much about hmmm?
She heard about me?
Nothing special, just that there were a new young boy in town...thats about it.
I...well, I dont remember.
A business woman is always well informed
Why do I fell there is more to it?
...
Sorry.
Ok, The truth is I work in the field with monica so...we like to talk.
Indeed...
She is wearing clothes very similar to monicas.
Oh, now I understand.
Anyway, this is our grocery store, so... are you looking for something to buy? Maybe a bouquet of flower to give to your loved one?
What?
No no...nothing like that
Its ok, you can tell me....I wont tell monica, it can be our little secret.
The truth is...
Oh...thats so nic....a pity...thats a pity...
Im sure you will find one
Oh...not a problem dear, you will find it soon enough.
Well, thanks
Anyway, I started working on the fields today... and monica told me I could come here and sell the flowers to make some money.
Oh so you will work on the fields with us too? Im so excited to work with you.
No...im excited to work with you
Well, In that case you can talk with little Debbie over there.
SHE IS MY DAUTHER!
Wait...what?
SO TREAT HER WELL!
What the hell? I can fell her intent to kill me all the way from here.
for your own good.
Be kind, she also is on her first day at work. I have to go now, bye.
Man...she was very kind and all of sudden she went full psycho killer...
And somehow I know she is not kidding...
I better treat her daugher with respect.
I came to sell the flowers, I should at least talk with the girl to see how it works
Hi [player.name], how are you?
Hi....
Is she still sad about what just happened?
Hey...are you ok?
It is...its just...what a shame you see us in that situation.
Hey...is everything alright?
It is...its just...seriously...what a shamefull situation you just saw.
Its alright nothing to be ashamed of, you were just helping your mom
yes, I guess so...
Besides, that was very impressive, I mean, your Mom doesnt seem to be someone easy to lift.
Besides, you conquered your fears, even you didnt want to do it, you did because you are a good daugher.
You think soooo? Thank you, thank you a lot.
You know, its very important to me that I be a good daugher to my mom.
Is that so?
Yes, yes it is, you see...me and my mom are not blood related. I mean you may have guessed by the color of our hairs.
Yet she seems to treat you very well doesnt she?
Yes, yes she does treat me very well, she is like an angel in my life.
She is talking about Sarah...her mom, the way I talk about Monica.
My mom died in an accident when I was 3 years old, and she is raising me as my mom ever since.
Sarah is awesome!, but...as you saw, she can be overprotective some times, I think thats because she loves me.
Yes, I was scared back there for a second.
But she is the best person I know, she is just the best.
Anyway...Im sorry, you must be here for business
Yes I am indeed.
So, what do you want to do?
Thank you for your business.
Mom?...well
Yes, yes it is, you see...me Sarah my mom are not blood related. I mean you may have guessed by the color of our hairs.
My mom died in an accident when I was 3 years old, and Sarah is raising me as my mom ever since.
So, she is like my mom now.
Yet she seems to treat you very well doesnt she?
Yes, yes she does treat me very well, she is like an angel in my life.
She is talking about Sarah...her mom, the way I talk about Monica.
Sarah is awesome!, but...as you saw, she can be overprotective some times, I think thats because she loves me.
Yes, I was scared back there for a second.
But she is the best person I know, she is just the best.
So...do you like working here?
No.
No?
Im sorry, let me explain, It was never my dream to work on my mom´s store
But if thats what she wants me to do, I will do it with a smile.
You really must love your mom dont you?
Yes, I really do.
What happened with your parents?
I...I dont know, the details, the only thing I know is that they died in an accident.
Im sorry.
No need to, It was a long time ago.
An...nothing, thanks.
So this are the guild gates.
I heard the guild was a big organization but man its much bigger then I imagined.
So, are you ready to take the guild exam now?
Hi there, My name is [player.name] and I would like to make the guild exam.
No...not like that....Hi there, Hi Im the great [player.name] and I would like to make the guild exam.
Too much?
Hi there My name is [player.name] Im from another universe. I follow aphrodite.
Hi there My....
Hi there.
Fuck!!!
...
So...My name is [player.name]...
Nice to meet you [player.name], My name is Makoto.
....Nice to meet you too...Makoto.
And Im here to make....
The guild exam right Sir?
Yes, wait, how do you know that?
Nothing, just that, everyday lots of people like you came here.
Just to take the guild exam and try to become a guild member.
Well, if lots of people come here means that most of them pass the test right?
In fact, usually 1 in 200 usually pass the test.
Whaaaaaaat?
Hey, calm down, you can retake the test any number of times, so if you fail you can retry whenever you want Sir.
Ufff, good news at least.
Good thing [player.name]. We can start your exam as soon as you pay for it.
Nice! wait...pay?
Yep, Oh, you dont know? There is a value to pay in order to take the test.
I see.
How much to take the test?
That would be {color=#FFAA00} 50 coins {/color} sir.
{color=#FFAA00} 50 coins?!?!!? {/color}
Yes, The Guildmaster said this could be a good fount of income for the guild.
And also that also would test would also be a test of will.
I understand, It makes sense in a way.
Well, at least im working at the flower fields now.
And are you going to fight without using any weapons?
I did some karate training when I was a kid so, I think I will be ok.
I mean thats just a girl and a piece of wood after all.
Well then.
Since you are so 'prepared'.
Lets see what you are capable of!
Its alright you can came back when you get the money.
How exacly is this exam that only one in two hundred pass?
Well the exam change from time to time depending on what the current guild master decides.
But right now is basicly its a fight one on one with me.
Whaaaaaaaat?
Only one in each two hundred win a fight with this girl?
I mean....She doesnt seem that tough.
What?
Hmmmmmmmm.
I may not be big. But fighting its not only about strengh but about strategy, techniche and experience as well.
Only one in two hundred win in a fight one on one with you?
In fact you dont need to win, I mean its not a fight to death or anything, there are many pass the exam.
Yes, Or knokout immobilize-me are the hard ways I would say.
What is the easy way?
It may change from person to person but....
If you can make me surrender, or make me recognize your powers or even just say you passed its already ok.
Can I use any weapons or is like a barefistfight?
You can use any means you want, like swords, arrows, shields, spear arrows.
Even magic.... well that is a rare one nowdays.
Hmmmm.
I fight with a wooden sword.
Wooden sword?
Yes, you see Im an apprentice swordsman.
And my master told me not to use a real sword for this task.
So you manage to win these matches with only an wooden sword?
Pretty much, but I train a lot you see.
Also, my master told me this would be a good oportunity to train my skills.
So Im very excited about fighting you whenever you want Sir!
My favorite weapon?
Yes.
I like the big and long ones.
That was.....
Big and long?
Yes, like my master´s sword
You should see, once I saw a giant fall with a single blow.
My is dream to be a great warrior just like master.
You can use any weapon, the guild master instructed me to use this wooden sword.
I will came back another time, thank you.
See ya Sir!
I think I should at least try to talk to the guard before I leave.
Time to enter the guild.
Prepare yourself!
Well, I wasnt expecting that.
When she picked that sword, she really changed.
Thats cleary not the same cute makoto.
That was talking to me momments ago.
I mean...
Look at her expression.
Is like she is ready to kill me at any momment.
I mean.. we havent even started yet but...
Are you afraid [player.name]?
What?
I said. 'Are you afraid?'
Of course not, I Think I can do this with one hand at my back.
Oh so you are THAT confident then?
Good I like it, I wish you the best of luck.
No, I dont think I am.
Really?
Really.
I am a little. But Im going to win this fight even so.
That is good, master always said you have to face your fears.
Anyway, its about time we start.
I agree.
No I dont.
Ok, she is just a girl with a piece of wood right?
I must remember my karate classes.
Damn!
I fell like if I go anywhere near her she will take me down for sure.
This stance of hers.
Is like she is ready for anything.
Even more important than that.
EVEN MORE IMPORTANT THAN THAT!
DAMN I WISH I COULD SMACK THAT ASS!!!
I WANT IT SO BADLY!!
So are we going to fight or?
This is not time for that...
Focus, focus I have to focus.
If I dont make the first move then she will.
I have to make the first move!!!
OKAY THEN!!
PREPARE YOUR SELF!
Yes Sir!
This is my!!!
THIS IS MY SPECIAL MOVE!
Lady Aphrodite, lend me your powers!
Here!!
I....
GO!
...
I think I...
I think got too excited..
Way too excited...
Oh man.
Im gonna die.
I need to think of something fast.
My turn.
Too late!
Blue Lotus Style!
PURGATORY ONIGIRI!
What happened?
Did she hit me?
I tould you its about technique and strategy.
Ah.... the pain is so...
I think I will.....
[player.name]?
I think I will.....
[player.name].
[player.name]!!!
Oh [player.name] thank heavens you are alive!
Calm down.
We were fighting and you passed out.
I passed out?
Yes you did.
I see that...but...
Why are you on top of me?
Well I...I..
I got worried and...
So I...
So I..... you see.
Since aphrodite gave me that book this kind of situation is happening time and time again.
Also since she gave me that book I cant stop thinking about girls.
....because you see my sword cant cut but she can...
I dont even want to know about what her explanation is...
She is sitting on me and...
Damn her as is beautifull!.
...and then I thought Is he dead? So I run to see if......
She is still talking. She is so close.
My dick is going hard and I couldnt stop it even if I wanted to.
The pain is so strong its making me dizzy.
She should know that would happen if she sits on top of a man like that.
She almost go throught me with that wooden sword.
And right now all I want to do is go throught her with my dick.
Since I cant do that yet, here is the second best thing.
This is the payback miss Makoto.
Enjoy the show.
Wait what is this?
[player.name] what is this?
Do I even have to say something?
...
Makoto I..
You dont need to say nothing
Breakfast! BreakFast! BreakFast!
Could you please stop that?
Could you please stop that?
Mooooom, this little imp is repeating me.
Moooom this little imp is repeating me.
Girls girls, behave your selves.
Ok mon.
Ok mon.
There is a month since this door broke, I better get the right tools to fix it.
I just talked to her.
Oh, good morning [player.name].
So good to see you are awake already.
I see, I will be waiting for you then.
Thats a pity....try to show up some other day then.
I see, if you decide to go, please try to find me, we can collect flowers together if you want to.
Im glad to hear that.
Oh my [mcmon] had nightmares, thats so bad.
You know you can call me anytime if you need help forgeting nightmares right?
Is that so? How was it?
Thats a pity.
this part has not yet been developed yet.
Hey [mclin] eat with us, It will be fun, right Sis?
I dont want him to..
..Ashley! be a good girl with your [mcash]!
But Moom.
Ashley, dont make me go there little girl.
Ok, fine!
Sit if you want to.
Breakfast Breakfast.
Breakfast with [player.name].
Eat eat we will.
Thank you [player.name].
I know right? I think that Im going to be an artist when I finish school.
Well, our little artist needs to be good and eat healthy food to keep being cute and funny.
Thanks mooom!
No need to scream my little Baby.
Ok ok, Waaaaaw this smells greeeeat Thaaaaaanks.
You are welcome dear.
And now.
To our big girl.
Thanks for the food mom.
Oh, its nothing dear, you have to keep eating in order to being shiny and beautiful.
And also.
To my dear [mcmon], [player.name].
Oh thaanks Mon it looks very good.
How do we say?
Thanks mon you are the best.
Its nothing sweet, always have in mind that you are also my big star, and you are also very important to me.
Very important to us!!!, right sis?
...
Sis?
Whatever.
Siiiiiiiiiis.
Let me eat in peace please.
I should talk to monica before leaving.
thats linda room, well she sure keep all the toys from her childhood.
Is that linda? shouldnt she be at school?
Hey Linda.
Guess she didnt listen.
Linda?
So maybe if I memorize then?
Man..she is very concentrated.
Maybe if I get closer.
I think the black card is....taller?
...
LINDA!!!
....
Oh, hey [player.name].
Hey.
Shouldnt you be at school?
No because I passed and today is my first day on....
VACATION!!!!!
YEEEEEEEEEEY!!
Oh, I see, thats good, congratulations.
Thank you thank you, Im the legend.
Haha.
So, what are you doing?
Oh, Im trying to get better at this game.
Huuu cool.
Do you want to play?
Why noooooot?!??!?!?
I got things to do.
Just one little time pleeeeeease?
You are so meeeeeaaan.
Ok then, you first.
Ok, this game is very very simple because its a LUCK game.
We got 5 cards here.
All of them have a blue face.
Before the game start, without knowing witch card it is, we are going to change one card.
This card will be the black card.
Then we are going to put then on the floor like they are right now.
And whoever chosses the black card first wins.
[phrase]
HUUUUUUUUUU I WOOOON!!!
Thats not faiiiiir.
I didnt even get a chance to try.....
She is really sad.
Its not like that, it was only luck.
Hey Linda dont be sad, we can play again some other time right?
Hmmm...
What is it?
You promisse?
Okay then, thank you...[player.name].
Wow she usually is so childish and all of sudden so mature.
BUT IM SURE GOING TO WIN NEXT TIME!!!
Now thats the linda I know.
Okay then see ya.
YES! Its not this card, so now its my turn.
Let me see...what I think Im going to pick...
Ok...maybe if I....
Linda....
Linda is this allowed in the rules?
I created this game so Im going to say...yes it is.
What in the harry potter are you doing?
Just a second Ash, Im going to win no matter what it takes.
Mom wont be happy if she sees you on the floor like this.
If I win, its worth it!
I chosse the card 2 diamonds.
I chosse the card 4 diamonds.
I chosse the card 5 diamonds.
I chosse the card A diamonds.
I chosse the card K diamonds.
Noooo!
Not your card, now its my turn.
I have a bad feeling about this...
YES YES YES!!!
I woooooooon!!!
Maybe next time around.
I will be waiting for you.
Yes I ammm!
Out of the way pleeeeease!!!!!
What?
Moooom Im Hungry!!!!
I guess, she is hungry.
This room is locked since the day I got here, no idea whats in there.
Is Ashley exercising or something?
Im a simple man, I see a girl wearing gym clothes, I smile.
This seems like a good moment to spend some time on sofa with everyone.
Anyway.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?
I am....chilling?
Go chill somewhere else!
Am I doing something?
Yes you are!!!!
Man...she is hiding her body like Im some kind of...wow,..dat legs....ok maybe she is right.
Ashley...
Mom, he is only in the sofa to see me training.
Ashley its not like that.
Mom, dont you see it? its obivious!
What is obvious linda?
Im wearing gym clothes and he is a man!
...
He is a man!
My star, I love you so much.
But you cant just expel people out of the living room because what you think they are thinking.
But Mooom...he is ...he is...
No buts little girl, you are going to train and you are going to let people be.
Then where can I train to the cheerleader test?
Just keep training as you were, If we are distracting you its just not to pay attention to us.
...
Thats how I trained when I was a cheerleader.
...
Fine!
Man...monica is cute and ashley seems like a wild tiger. But I have to say Monica always have the upper hand.
Hm interesting.
I never paid attention but..ashley has indeed a nice ass.
point
Man, I could slap that ass.
Indeed I could slap that ass.
This one is very important to your elbows.
Oh yeah, you dont want to leave that one out.
Very good angle.
You know, I dont think I will ever get tired of this short.
Now to the left.
Yes, make that body fell the heat Ashley.
This side is good too.
Such beautifull socks.
I really like her legs.
I could fuck that ass right now.
Yes, open that arms.
Yes, balance its a very important thing.
I didnt know she could do that.
I wonder how long can she do that.
Seeing her do this gimme some ideas.
I think Im getting very sleepy.
I think Im going to...
...
I think I ended up sleeping.
Ashley is gone.
Wait...is that Monica?
Lets see...
Im too sleepy for anything right now.
I sleept too much, everybody is gone, I better go to my bed.
She is sleeping too.
Is that?
Is that?!?
Her panties?!?!
No doubt about that...
Its only a tiny tiny bit of her panties but yes...I can see Monica´s panties.
Damn she is hot.
I think she is moving...I think she is moving.
Is she waking up? not, thats not it.
She moved.
She is changing her position a little.
Thankfully she didnt wake up, I can enjoy the view a little more.
I can see even more of her panties right now!!!!
They are beautiful!!!
I could be here the whole night.
Man...my dick is so hard right now.
Maybe I could...
Wait...I think someone is coming.
Oh, Its linda.
Mooooom.
What is she doing?
Hey Mooom.
You are going to wake her up.
Im having a good time.
dont do it!
Not gonna lie, she is waking monica but damn she has nice ass.
I love these sleeping clothes she uses.
Heeeeeey Mooooom wake up.
She pulled her skirt up?!!?!?
I think....
I think Im in heaven.
Linda my little [linmc] and Monica my [monmc].
Both of them here this way.
Im happy.
Mooooom.
Hun?
Hey my little star.
Mom I had a nightmare, I cant sleeeeeep.
Linda is so cute, and Monica is such a good mom for her.
And they are both so hot...thats cute and hot.
I cant sleep mom.
Oh my baby dear I will....
...
She is looking at me!!
Man...did she see my erection? I dont think so..I mean, its too dark I think.
Mom?
...Im sorry dear I just...got lost in my thoughts for a momment.
Do you want to sleep here in the sofa with me?
Are they going to sleep on the sofa?
Please say yes please say yes please say yes.
I want you to tell me a story so I can sleep on my room.
Are you sure you dont want to stay? the sofa is so confy my baby.
Not today mom.
Ok, then lets go to your room, I will tell you the story of the big snake.
Big snake?
Yes, but its a good snake she is a.....
I think they are gone.
They are gone, Its too late, I think I should go to my bed sleep too.
Monica room is always so peacefull.
Its locked.
[this_only_location_message]
My name is [player.name]
This game have NSFW contents.
Maybe in a few more years then
These three girls are {color=#ff67d1}Monica{/color}, {color=#ff67d1}Ashley{/color} and {color=#ff67d1}Linda{/color}, (Mother and her daugthers), they will live with you during the game, but what are they to you?
So {color=#ff67d1}Monica{/color} is your {color=#ff67d1}[monmc]{/color} and you are her {color=#ff67d1}[mcmon]{/color}.
{color=#ff67d1}Ashley{/color} is your {color=#ff67d1}[ashmc]{/color} and you are her {color=#ff67d1}[mcash]{/color}.
And {color=#ff67d1}Linda{/color} is your {color=#ff67d1}[linmc]{/color} and you are her {color=#ff67d1}[mclin]{/color}? Is that right?
Alright.
Lets fix that then.
Who am I again?
Well...the thing is...I used to live in a world pretty much like yours.
I was a nerd boy in my original life, I was a normal boy, and I didnt get any girls in my life.
They always like the popular type more... So I never stood a chance.
Even so one day I took corage and decided to buy a hentai game.
This one....{b}{color=#fc89ce}(Cronicles of Aprhodite){/color}{/b}....this one, this one should be good.
I thought the lady of the front was hot so.....anyway.
As soon as I got home I went to play it.
Man I like this game already, she hot!!!
[player.name].
[player.name] Im the Great Goddess Aphrodite!
Im in this game to make an invitation to you and only you.
Do you want to become the goddess Aphrodite powerfull champion, to live an awesome adventure with lots of sex and action?
Of course!!! I mean..... would I ever say no to such a question?
And I wonder...till this day...why..why why!? did I click yes?!!
I dont know what kind of magic was on that game.
Because I ended in a world full of fantasy and magic yes.
But I didnt know any one on this other world, I didnt have any help or family. I was homeless, it was really awfull.
I wasnt powerfull, I didnt become any Goddess champion and sure as hell I didnt have sex till this day!
And many times I ate spoiled food from other people so I wouldnt starve to death. {color=#fc89ce} "Please help the patreon so the developer dont end up that way." {/color}
It was like this during some months...it was then...when I decided....
Thats it....everybody sees me everyday and its as if Im not even there.
Im nothing in this world...nothing...
I Tried my best to see if I could become warrior and Im took weak.
I tried many times to get in a guild but I didnt pass the test.
I even tried to become a wizard but my blood has no magic in it.
I even more of a loser in this world than I am was in my.
And the girls here dont like me either.
Thats it...I give up.
Im going to close my eyes....and never open then again.
But then......
Hey, are you ok?
Of course I didnt listen....I thought it was all my imagination.
Hey!!!
When I thought I was done for, when I thought it was my end.
Why dont you answer me?
I felt two soft hands grabing me and shaking me.
Anwer me!!!!
Then...
You are alive!!!!! 
I got rescued by a lovely lady. I got rescued by an Angel.
Oh....hi?
Why are laying here in the sun?
(Omg she is so cute...who is she?)
Answer me please?
She has such a good smell.
I....I...got nothing and then I just...you know.."gave up living".
What did you?
What did you just say?
Hey woman, please dont cry!
See? Im better now, it was all just a joke, 'hahahaha' all better.
Im even laughing! huuuu, just a joke...'haha'
You are so funny, my name is {color=#4e25c0ff} monica{/color}.
Hi Monica, my name is [player.name].
(she is so beautifull...and she is so close. I have to be carefull or I might get a boner.)
So...do you need some help to getting it up?
What did you say?!?!??
I said..do you need some help getting up??
Yes I need help.
(So...monica rescued me from the streets.)
(she introduced me to her family, Two dauthers {color=#4e25c0ff} Ashley{/color} and {color=#4e25c0ff} Linda{/color}).
(The younger one is cute and lovely, the older one...not so much.)
(She also gave me a room in her house in exchange for me helping her with her with the house chores. She became my landlady)
(I tried many times to become a member of the guild, but they said Im not strong enough, nor I have any magic on me.)
(So...thats it, today Is my birthday...18 years old and I didnt even care to tell anyone. I mean...there is nothing to celebrate....Im still a total loser.)
[player.name]...[player.name]....Awake...
What is this? Am I dreaming again?
Ok...this is a dream....but what is this big thing in my dream?
Seems like a throne...with someone in it...what a crazy dream.
This is no dream [player.name].
Wait...it can´t be, is that?
What? What is it? Omg it is you you are the girl from the message on that game!
This is no dream [player.name] You accepted my call, and now you are my champion in this world.
Whaaaaat?!?!?
What do you mean by champion?
Im not your champion!
Oh...Arent you?
Im the developer...really.
Thats not how it works!!!
Lady, do you know what I have been through since I got here? I almost starved to death since you sended me here on this planet.
You cant just send someone to another universe just because they clicked "yes" on some random message.
There was a contract and you agreed to it, thats is all. Now you are my serve and my champion.
Thats not how it works, you promissed me an adventure where I would have a great power, action, and lots of sex and I got nothing.
And now, almost one year after I get on this world you appear telling me that I am your champion??!?!
Silence!!!
What was that? An earthquake?
I mean, Im sorry little one. I needed you to be the right age so I could reach you in a more direct way. today is your birthday so now its the right time.
There is no way to go back, besides, there are very good advantages in being the {b}Goddess of pleasure{/b} champion.
I dont care who you are!!!
Wait...{b}Goddess of Pleasure?{/b}
"{b}Goddess of Pleasure{/b}"???
Are you saying that you never heard of the goddess of pleasure, {b}The Great Aphrodite?{/B}
(In the name of the great Me...what are humans doing these days?)
(Oh My... what are humans doing thinking these days?)
Im The Great Aphrodite!
the Goddess of pleasure!
the Goddess of sex.
Goddess of and all that there is to do with masturbation.
The Goddess of...gangbangs and threesomes.
The Goddess of foursomes and fivesomes.
The Goddess of...
Ok...I think I get it
...I Think....I understood...
Shut up mortal!
And Sex and casual sex, fellatios, sexual pleasure and orgys….anal sex vaginal sex double penetration sex and.......
The Goddess creampies and pee action and cum and bukkakes and public sex and furry and…..
...
(That did go on for 20 minutes or so........)
Anyway...
I Understand but...why me?
I See but...wasnt there anybody else for this job?
Well, I can see all living creatures in all universes, and you [player.name] between the most sexual beings in all universe.
Am I?
Yes you are, I see you watching reading and researching porns and hentais everyday.
(Oh my god)
Yes I saw you getting hard and masturbating every day again and again and again.
(what in the harry p#tter?!?)
Ok I think I got it…
I saw as you were aroused for the little things, and as you imagined fucking every cute girl in your schooll…and as you masturbated to them in secret.
(I cant believe I just cant believe...)
Ok that was suposted to be private...
I even know about last summer on the vacation with your family when you masturbated and cum in the....
Okay I think I got it!!!
Anyway, In opinion yes you are a great boy, and this {b}task{/b} will be both good for you and for the people of this world.
("Task" I knew it...I knew there was a catch)
Task? What task?
What do you mean by task?
Of course...your task as my champion is to conquer and fuck all the girls in this world and to realease the lustfull side of the people of the planet.
I knew it!
Wait...conquer this worlds and fuck all the girls? Did I hear that right?
Yes you did, you are to conquer this world fuck all the girls in this wolrd... no exception, friend or enemy.
They all are to be conquered and fucked with no mercy. No exceptions allowed. And you are to make them more and more lustfull for you.
(Well....that seems like fun, very very very fun.)
Well...After taking a lot of thought...
Well...I accept your terms.
As I said, You have already signed the contract.
Hey Goddes.
Its "Great Goddess Aphrodite"
(Damn...she is serious about this...better say her way...she is shaking everything here.)
Ok... Great Goddess Aphrodite....
Not Willing to borther you but...
How the hell am I supposed to do that?!?!?
I dont know how much of my life you saw but...Im not the kind of person that can fuck every girl in a world.
I mean.... Im ugly, and Im not very social...
Little [player.name], you are in the hands of the Goddess of Pleasure now.
I give you The {i} {color=#ff67d1}Bless of the magic blood of the sex warlocks and my power{/i}{/color} with it.
besides...you alraedy have a big...."Talent".. but you are not aware of that just yet.
("Magic blood of Warlocks of sex? and her power?")
And also.
A little gift...
from your Goddes...
(man I can fell a change in the atmosphere even from here)
(Am I seeing things?)
(Such an intense energy)
Are you sure this is safe!!!!!?
{color=#4d0537}This Book.{/color}
A Book....Really?
A Book..is That a Joke?
No Joke Dear [player.name]. Only you can truly read this book, besides me of course.
This book has the power to know the path for everyone pleasure, use it wisely.
But thats a book!! how will I be able to...
Relax......and sleep now.
(It was just a dream...after all.)
Hi [linmc], did you sleep well?
Liiiiinda what are you doing here?
{color=#fc89ce}Mom{/color} told me to wake you up, she said {color=#fc89ce}she needs to talk with you.{/color}
(hmm..maybe she wants me to do something for her...well I better go see what it is)
[player.name]?
Sorry, I was thinking, Good morning Linda...
Good morning [player.name].
Where is Monica?
Well, she is in the Kitchen I think.
Ok, Well guess its time to get up up.
[player.name] are you Ok?
I am very ok, thanks for asking.
No you arent.
What do you mean?
You didnt gave me a good morning hug.
I...think I am, why do you ask?
Well...you give a good morning hug to your [linmc]...thats not like you..
What?
(Wow, she is really serious about it...)
She is even making a face now, guess she is really mad about it.
So...will hug me or not?
Ok, I will give you a hug.
Huuuu, you are the best [mclin] there is.
No I wont, you are already too grown up for this kind of stuff.
Why are you mean to me? You were supposed to be my [mclin]?
As I Said you are already a Grown up.
Gi gi gi gi gi gi gi gi gi gi gi gi gi
(Geeeez what is this? is she crying over this?also what a strange way to cry)
Gi gi gi gi gi gi.
(ok, she is too cute for me to treat her this way)
Ok ok, stop it already...I will hug you ok?
Really?
Yeah... its just a hug after all.
(Man...she just wont stop)
Stop Crying!
Why are you yelling at me?
Because you cry too loud.
Okay then.....Im....Im gonna leave....ok?
(Man...I never payed atention to this but....since when linda had such a beautifull ass?)
(Man...she is as beautifull as she goes.)
(It even crossed my mind to stop her....but is really fun to watch that beautifull ass ofher leaving like this.)
(Well...thats it..time to take the decision.)
Hey Linda.
What?
Let me hug you please?
Really [player.name] ?!!?!? best!!
Im sorry for make you cry.
I see...
Came here and let me give you a big hug
Really?!?!? Oh [player.name]!!! I love you tooo thank you!!
I really love your hugs, your hugs are just the best.
(Cm to think of it...maybe this 'hug' thing...isnt bad at all...)
(Maybe I should...)
Yes, I think I will enjoy this "hug" a little more...
I know right? I also love hugging you Linda.
Okay, thats enough hugging.
You are just the best.
(Yes....like that...Thats an interesting view, Im loving it.....and that ass is just the best there is)
(Maybe I should....)
...
Okay, thats enough hugging.
[player.name]?
What?
Isnt this hug taking a little too long?
The thing is that I like huging my [linmc] like that.
Is that so? In that case...go on hug me all you like.
You are right, im sorry linda, my mistake.
No, thats not what I meant!
You can keep hugging me all you want.
no, lets just stop, it was a really long hug.
I see, do you want to stop then?
No, I want to continue.
(Just as I thought.)
(Ok then...for the next step I think I will...)
Lindaaaa whats taking you so long?
Thats mon calling...Sorry [player.name], I have to go now.
the course with courage
(Oh man...now?)
Yes, I think you should go...
(Yep that was one good way to start a day.)
Good morning [player.name].
Good morning lin.....!!!
The Book?!?!?!??
What? what book?
She can´t, She cant it??
"Only you can truly read this."
(Oh, I remember it now...So only I can see it.)
[player.name], What book??
Sorry, I just remembered I have to return a book in the library today.
Anyway, leaviiiing.
(She left.)
(So it wasnt a dream after all.)
(This also explain a lot of my unusual behaviour with hugs this morning, I never looked at Linda this way, Its like im someone else.)
(I think I will like this Aphrodite champ thing. Anyway, lets open this book.)
It seems like this book will only show me girls I met after I got it. So no one I met before will appear. Interesting.
Good morning Ashley.
Dont try that with me brat.
What do you mean?
I mean that I dont want people to think that Im related to a loser like you.
Jeez...why this now? whats the problem?
The problem is that I have to look at your ugly face everyday, dont you have anywhere else so go?
Monica let me stay here, so I have as much right to live here as you.
*Sigh* Yeah, whatever...
Couldnt she at least pick a popular boy or someone that could actually an adventurer?
I can still try.
Yeah... And fail as you always do.
(Man she is such a drag... but she is kind of cute tho.)
You dont even have a job.
Thats none of your business.
Hmmm, do YOU have a job?
What did you just say??!?
Nothing...
(Better not to pick a fight with her just yet.)
Thats what I thought.
Do you know where Monica is?
And why should I tell you?
(Geez, she wont let me be)
Please?
She is downstaris preparing your breakfast. Why? why she even bothers doing this kind of stuff to a loser like you?
Maybe because she likes me?
Pff, get real, I think she only let you in because its convenient.
What do you mean?
I mean isn´t that obvious? Dad is always traveling, She is a mom with two daughers.
She probably adopted a boy so you could be strong, he could be the man and help the house. While dad is traveling.
But Here you are, small and weak, such a disappointment.
Maybe someday I can become a powerfull mage you know.
A Loser like you? dont make me laugh, you probably don´t have any magical blood on you.
Maybe someday I can become a really strong warrior you know.
A loser like you? dont make me laugh, with your body you can´t even beat ME in a fight.
With your age all warrior were strong and all wizards heirs had theyr powers awakened and you have none, so stop dreaming about it.
I will grow up and be awesome, wait and see.
Hahahaha, you are so funny.
...
...
Wait that wasn´t a joke?...oh you are more dumb than I thought, do whatever you want.
(Man, she is sush a drag...doesn´t she know she is talking to aphrodite chosen one?)
She left...
(Oh, there she is...)
Monica?
Oh, good morning sweet, how was your night?
Good morning Monica, it was good thank you.
I made you breakfast.
Thank you Monica, but Im really not that hungry right now.
Are you sure? I made your favorite 3 eggs and bacon and warm milk, not too hot, not too cold, just warm, the way you like it.
Monica You didnt need to, but you are simply the best, Thanks, Im going to eat it!
Oh you dont need to thank me sweetie, And please dont call me Monica, you call me "Mon" if you want to.
So, today is the big day isn´t it?
Big day?
Yes the big day.
Oh sweet, dont tell me you forgot about today?
...
Yes, you told me that you would help me in the {color=#fc89ce}flower fields{/color} while you dont find a work.
(Wait, flower fields, dont I have a world to conquer? Nah she is so sweet I can´t say no to her.)
I see, so today is my first day helping on the flower fields. I will be glad to help.
